ASP.NET LIFE CYCLE

PAGE LIFE CYCLE
Initialization->Instantiation of PAGE controls->Recovery and upkeep of the state->Execution of event handlers->Rendering of page

STAGES OF ASP.NET Core
Requesting of page->Starting of page lifecycle->Initialising of page->loading of page->Validating->Postback event handling->rendering of page->unloading

Features of ASP.NET Core 5.0 for performance Improvement

Blazor

• Framework to design client-side applications.

Languages: C#/Razor and HTML

Signalk

• Open-source library to Integrate real-time functionality into enterprise

Web applications

Dapper

• Object Mapper that bridges gap between databases and programiming languages

Centre

Only one version can be utilized per machine.

Apps can be created with the help of Visual Studio, Visual Studio for Mac, or Visual

Apps can be created with the help of Visual Studio unting C#, VII, cr Fe.

Stasho Code plech

Performance is better than ASP.NE

Performance is le than ASP.NET Core.

Choose either NET Framework runtime ET Core

Developers must use NET Framework runtime.

Active Server Pages (ASP) was developed with an aim to generate Web content capable of f changing based on the interaction with the user.

With the help of ASP.NET, developers can Website flawlessly and with a simple code. integrate important elements of a business

The ASP.NET lifecycle can be Centre Application Lifecycle and Page Lifecycle.

The lifecycle of an ASP.NET page is back. I on whether the page request is new or a post

tech

ASP.NET Core is a new open-source and cross-platform framework that helps developers to create novel cloud-based internet associated applications.


ASP.NET is an established framework that offers all the elements necessary to develop enterprise-grade, server-based Web apps on Windows.

ASP.NET Core helps in developing apps on not just Windows operating system, but also on MacOS and Linux.

ASP.NET collaborates with popular JavaScript frameworks.

Blazor is a new .NET Web framework use for developing client-side applications in C#/Razor and HTML.

Dapper is a straightforward (ORM). Object Mapper that performs Object-Relational Mapping